it going guys it's our kicks or Austin
rose and I've got another review and on
to look for you guys today this time
it's the Nike Air Karachi in the wolf
gray colorway
now let's just get the outsole out of
the way
Oh black out so with those three tabs of
wolf gray sticking in as well as that
wolf gray triangle with the Nike Air
logo in the middle of its kind of like a
loominatee action but that's not
important
I'm not Illuminati just get out get that
out of the way as well
anyways into the shoe wolf gray
everything except for the air Hachi by
Nike tag with that nice little logo and
trademark right there wolf gray suede
wolf grey upper mesh here mash here on
the lining straps I'm strapped you
already know we got that geez wolf gray
midsole like again I can't really review
the shoe I mean it's easier for us just
look at it it's all wolf gray I'll get
that one up there nice shoe definitely
one of the most comfortable I own this
is a size 13 I am usually a size 12 I
recommend you guys go a full size up not
even full at least half size up as these
do fit very tight they retail for 130
Canadian dollars which comes to 148 with
tax I think all I notice I handed the
person of 150 and it was enough now they
retail for 110 American dollars which
makes them a very very well priced shoe
for what they are which is extremely
comfortable so that's going to be the
review sorry again it's kind of short
but let's just get into the on foot look
right now alright guys this is going to
be the on foot look at the Nike Air
Karachi in the wool cred colorway now on
the left foot I have it on lace them
loose on the right foot it is laced up
either way it works
as long as you're not going for a like
performance aspect trainer you'll be
fine getting away with it unlace however
there is obviously more stability with
the late stuff now these shoes can go
with either shorts or pants anything
really they're versatile I guess you
could say I'm just wearing with pants
today these are a wolf gray and actually
I want to really say - wolf gray it's
more this is like a dark gray and black
pattern on joggers from Express but you
can probably only see a solid color so I
don't worry about that here's a little
look at the back try and get that in the
Sun bit later I'm not a big fan of how
the heel six uh bit of loss or after but
what can you do
I don't design the shoes anyways guys
that's going to be the video so be sure
to leave a like if you like and
subscribe if you are new to the channel
if you have anything to say you can do
that in the comment section below so
guys thanks for watching have a good day
morning night on all the time you're
watching this anyways just take it easy
guys